README Update: Minor Format Changes and new Code Usage Part (#34)
automl/neps: README.md

Reviewer: Can we move the `Alternatives` block as the last block please?

Reviewer: Overall, looks improved!

[![License](https://img.shields.io/pypi/l/neural-pipeline-search?color=informational)](LICENSE)
[![Tests](https://github.com/automl/neps/actions/workflows/tests.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/automl/neps/actions)

> Welcome to NePS, a powerful and flexible Python library for hyperparameter optimization and neural architecture search. This library is designed to assist researchers and deep learning practitioners in efficiently tuning hyperparameters and exploring neural network architectures to achieve optimal model performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Welcome to NePS, a powerful and flexible Python library for hyperparameter optimization (HPO) and neural architecture search (NAS) with its primary goal: enable HPO adoption in practice for deep learners!

NePS houses recently published and some more well-established algorithms that are all capable of being run massively parallel on any distributed setup, with tools to analyze runs, restart runs, etc.

Read our documentation and the following document for how to use NePS!

```

Reviewer: Is it possible to link our documentation right at the beginning, early on, where we write `documentation`?

## Key Features

> In addition to the common features offered by traditional HPO and NAS libraries, NePS stands out with the following key features:

Reviewer: I shall not merge this yet.

This is a good first iteration to change the landing page. I do like elements of it.
However, the major reason why I shall not merge for now is consistency.

I think we can improve the user experience with every hyperlink directing the user to the same visual experience. That is, we either link everything to another GitHub page or only link to pages in the documentation.

Secondly, if we are putting 5 links right in the beginning, such that someone is more likely to click. The subsequent pages should have more content than what is now. 🙈 So I guess if we want to change the first interface, we can do so only after a little more backend content...

For point 1, either in the main point or as a subpoint, please mention these 2 papers as:
* [PriorBand: Practical Hyperparameter Optimization in the Age of Deep Learning, NeurIPS 2023](https://arxiv.org/abs/2306.12370)
* [πBO: Augmenting Acquisition Functions with User Beliefs for Bayesian Optimization, ICLR 2022](https://arxiv.org/abs/2204.11051)

For point 2, same with:
* [Construction of Hierarchical Neural Architecture Search Spaces based on Context-free Grammars, NeurIPS 2023](https://arxiv.org/abs/2211.01842)

Reviewer 2: Our doc is currently a work in progress. I would personally motivate us linking another GitHub page till we iterate through the docs later again and update this to link to documentation. What do you think ?

Reviewer 2: Papers are now mentioned. Have a look at the current landing page README [here](https://github.com/automl/neps/tree/readme_changes_danrgll)

1. [**Hyperparameter Optimization (HPO) With Prior Knowledge:**](neps_examples/template/priorband_template.py) 
    - NePS excels in efficiently tuning hyperparameters using algorithms that enable users to leverage their prior knowledge within the search space.

2. [**Neural Architecture Search (NAS) With Context-free Grammar Search Spaces:**](neps_examples/basic_usage/architecture.py) 
    - NePS is equipped to handle context-free grammar search spaces, providing advanced capabilities for designing and optimizing architectures.

3. [**Easy Parallelization:**](https://automl.github.io/neps/latest/parallelization/) 
    - NePS simplifies the parallelization of optimization tasks. Whether experiments are running on a single machine or a distributed computing environment.

4. [**Resume Runs After Termination:**](https://automl.github.io/neps/latest/parallelization/) 
    - NePS allows users to easily resume optimization runs after termination, providing a convenient and efficient workflow for long-running experiments.

> 5. [**Seamless User Code Integration:**](neps_examples/template/) 

Reviewer: If we do create a new page in our docs for this, maybe we can link the pytorch and lightning templates, and also the docs from yaml APIs. What do you think?
For the latter we can show both easy use for non-HPO folks and also for people who know some HPO and want to try different optimizers.

    - NePS's modular design ensures flexibility and extensibility. Integrate NePS effortlessly into existing machine learning workflows.

## Getting Started

### 1. Installation

Using pip:

```bash
pip install neural-pipeline-search
```

> Note: As indicated with the `v0.x.x` version number, NePS is early stage code and APIs might change in the future.

### 2. Basic Usage

> Using `neps` always follows the same pattern:

Reviewer: Do we link the `templates` folder here?

            # + Other metrics
        },
    }

# 2. Define a search space of hyperparameters; use the same names as in run_pipeline
pipeline_space = dict(
    hyperparameter_b=neps.IntegerParameter(
        lower=1, upper=42, is_fidelity=True
    ),  # Mark 'is_fidelity' as true for a multi-fidelity approach.
    hyperparameter_a=neps.FloatParameter(
        lower=0.001, upper=0.1, log=True
    ),  # If True, the search space is sampled in log space.
    architecture_parameter=neps.CategoricalParameter(
        ["option_a", "option_b", "option_c"]
    ),
)

if __name__ == "__main__":
    # 3. Run the NePS optimization
    logging.basicConfig(level=logging.INFO)
    neps.run(
        run_pipeline=run_pipeline,
        pipeline_space=pipeline_space,
        root_directory="path/to/save/results",  # Replace with the actual path.
        max_evaluations_total=100,
        searcher="hyperband"  # Optional specifies the search strategy,
        # otherwise NePs decides based on your data.
    )
```

## Documentation

For more details and features please have a look at our [documentation](https://automl.github.io/neps/latest/) and [examples](neps_examples)

## Analysing runs

> 

Reviewer: Once the citation block is added, can we merge this?

Reviewer 2: Citations are now added [here](https://github.com/automl/neps/blob/readme_changes_danrgll/docs/citations.md).

# 1. Define a function that accepts hyperparameters and computes the validation error
def run_pipeline(
    hyperparameter_a: float, hyperparameter_b: int, architecture_parameter: str
) -> dict:
    # Create your model
    model = MyModel(architecture_parameter)

    # Train and evaluate the model with your training pipeline
    validation_error, test_error = train_and_eval(
        model, hyperparameter_a, hyperparameter_b
    )

    return {  # dict or float(validation error)
        "loss": validation_error,
        "info_dict": {
            "test_error": test_error
            # + Other metrics
        },
    }

# 2. Define a search space of hyperparameters; use the same names as in run_pipeline
pipeline_space = dict(
    hyperparameter_b=neps.IntegerParameter(
        lower=1, upper=42, is_fidelity=True
    ),  # Mark 'is_fidelity' as true for a multi-fidelity approach.
    hyperparameter_a=neps.FloatParameter(
        lower=0.001, upper=0.1, log=True
    ),  # If True, the search space is sampled in log space.
    architecture_parameter=neps.CategoricalParameter(
        ["option_a", "option_b", "option_c"]

>     ),

Reviewer: Assuming we have more comprehensive documentation on how to construct or use neps search space, can we replace this example with a `yaml` file equivalent, just to show that the `basic usage` code requirement is quite low from `neps`? 

Of course, we can do this in the main README only if we also link a page where we can write the Pythonic version of the same thing and show more details such as other hyperparameter, use of priors, and grammars.
